Oh Gilligan
he's out for a duck
he's a fine jet too short just short and
you've got punished for October
midwicket six runs winds of 50 up he's
got him
he has got him that is the wicket they
wanted the captain Michael Clarke has
gone to an extravagant shot
not quite midwicket but that one is
going all the way
so there
where's the fourth wicket here he goes
again
David Hussey is in the mood that is
enormous
that is right over the side screen and
halfway up that massive tree and there
it is a brilliant century to David
Hussey is first for Australia he is
played exceptionally well no big
celebrations but he should be extremely
proud of the ways played today
fuels when underneath his token he was
about two inches inside the right then
it was very well judged and maybe Hussey
just a little bit into the breeze and it
just filled up and the danger man is
gone just be that time you propose
another one I think no has got I got
hold of it and that could well be a
capture deep midwicket there we go
an ice caps taken
cheerful while it lasted was that length
again he's got a bowl full of them this
oh what a good catch Oh
five wickets the daddy
love one of the swing
a lot make out
tremendous blow
and this has to be the way they play got
to here we go over the top the Gees
dudes fever
will reply what a reply from Dirk nanus
he gets his man it's the end of Fraser
Watts having just didn't hit back over
the head nanus breaks 351 for one now
Mitchell Johnson has been battered
straight back down the ground by Gavin
Hamilton low full toss from Brett Lee
and it's the end of Watson stuck out of
the ground again and the Australians
celebrates well as beautiful taken and
then we came off the off pains gloves or
not there you go plenty of pace taking
off that's actually that's very well
adjusted at the end
cat great catch wonderful catch below
full toss unless the man were talking
about Shane Watson that's a super shot
that is a wonderful shot
very very good Barney very clever Bowl
he's gone happily bouncer and then the
slower ball so that is out no need for
Yun part of put his finger up Mitchell
Johnson just with a little bit of extra
place suggested McCullen went to pull
the ball but the ball was on him too
quick thank you very much indeed I'll
take that that is for more is a
wonderful shot beautifully taken or a
lovely catch
beautiful catch
well
I'm not sure Fred Truman will take the
caps like that is great the old bowling
boots that they have Brett Lee one of
the fastest bowlers in the world taking
off and taking a catch like that
that's another edge Cameron white makes
no mistake this time taking a couple of
catches he's dropped two but he holds on
to this one and it's the end of Gordon
Drummond he's out to 12 nine down out
the four tops buddy fold and that is it
for Australia Scott and all out for 156
come on whites that'll go at the end he
gets the win at the final wicket but
Gallery out two three and Australia have
one hit quite a hefty margin and the
games all over in the 40 favor